MARCO: Previously on The Bridge...
My life for your son's. That seems fair.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Let's get out of here.
- No, no, no! That's it?
- Yeah.
Look, if the guy's not gonna
comment or deny the story,
we're gonna publish as-is.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Drug Lord?
If you sign this affidavit witnessed by us,
I can take it straight to
the attorney general in Mexico City.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
I'm sure he kept backups of Eva's affidavit.
Do you know where he stayed last?
- (GUNSHOT)
- (GROANING)
SONYA: Stop!
Sonya, more are coming!
Get out of here!
(GUNSHOTS)
You were never here. You understand?
(POP MUSIC PLAYING)
- (SINGING ALONG)
- Invisible airwaves crackle with life
Bright antennae bristle
With the energy...
The system works!
All hail the system!
Bearing a gift beyond
Price, almost free...
Yeah!
All this machinery
making modern music
Can still be open-hearted
Not so coldly charted
It's really just a question of
(SINGING ALONG)
Your honesty
Yeah, your honesty
(YELLING)
(GRUNTING)
Gary, you still got that, uh,
hook-up with the Secretary of State?
- (SINGING) Energy...
- Gary!
Secretary of State...
Do you still got that in?
Yeah, yeah, we do their IT.
I'm gonna hook you up, bro, no problem.
- Yes!
- You are a great American!
- God bless me!
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Dude.
Dude, I think that's the door.
Somebody's at the door.
I keep telling you, it's in your mind.
There is so much going on in here.
Yes!
(KNOCKING CONTINUES)
Ripped By mstoll
Happy New Year 2015 - New Year, New Color ;-)
What are you doing?
- Nothing.
- Nothing?
(LAUGHING)
GARY: Hi.
(MUSIC STOPS)
Hey bitch, what are you doing?
Hey! Be cool, man. Don't call her names.
- Why not?
- She's my best friend.
I don't give a crap.
Well, I do. Don't come into my house and...
- I've been here with you all night.
- You have, and you're awesome...
Shut up! Shut up!
Both of you, shut up!
This is your system?
You ass-dialed me 13 times, shithead.
I thought maybe something happened.
(MUTTERS)
Oh, my God.
Something did happen.
Oh, God, five years.
I just lost five years, 230 days of sobriety.
Hey, it was an amazing night!
We'll start again tomorrow.
No, man, you can't get that back.
Hey.
- Hey, hey.
- (CRYING)
You're still gonna hook me up
with Secretary of State, right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah!
Ooh, yes! Yes, yes, yes.
- Yes! You are the best!
- Yeah.
- You are awesome!
- You are the best, big guy.
- Yeah.
- Oh, yes!
- Oh, yeah.
DANIEL: Oh.
- Yeah.
- I love that guy!
Uh-huh.
The system
does not work.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(LAUGHING)
I'm working the story.
(BOTTLE SHATTERS)
Your little playdate is over, okay?
You're coming with me. Come on.
- Come on!
- I'm coming!
Get your ass outside.
(THEME SONG PLAYING)
Until I'm one with you
My heart shall not pass through
Our love will be mistaken
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(MARCO SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Gracias.
Okay.
(INDISTINCT MURMURS)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(CHUCKLES)
Huh?
(MAN CHUCKLES)
(LOUD CLATTERING)
(GROANS)
What was that?
What do you think?
(GROANS)
Oh.
Did I, uh, ruin sexy time?
- Sleepy time, dickhead.
- DANIEL: Yeah.
Little bit of incident with cereal.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm surprised you're even conscious.
What are you talking about?
- I'm a professional.
- (FAUCET RUNNING)
(GROANS)
Ah...
Which one of you lesbians is the knitter?
I knit.
You got a problem with that?
Problem? Are you kidding me?
I actually think it's quite sexy.
Like, super hot. (CHUCKLES)
Speaking of.
You know how you make
Martha Stewart scream twice?
I'm going back to bed.
- You two have fun.
- Good night.
Wait. Do it again.
Kiss again, one more time.
- Shut up.
- For me.
Hey. (CLEARS THROAT)
You want to see the only
upside of a cocaine binge?
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(SIGHS)
You promised to call after the hearing.
You shouldn't come here.
It's not safe for you.
So?
It's done. Want a beer?
No. (SNIFFLES)
(BOTTLES CLINKING)
(SIGHS)
Have you told anyone? Hank?
Of course not.
- Good.
- (SCOFFS)
How is that good, Marco?
We lied.
I pretend to be the hero,
everyone saves face,
and your name's kept out of it.
The lie protects everyone.
Did you arrest Robles?
It's not that easy, Sonya.
Why?
Mexico City has Eva's affidavit.
That should be plenty to take him down.
No, they don't.
What?
I still have it.
We promised we were
going to do something.
Yes.
And we will, Sonya.
Just not now.
DANIEL: No, no. Look, wait, wait, wait.
Okay, wait.
Look, okay, Grupo Clio has 79 shell
corporations in Texas alone, right?
How are you inside the Secretary
of State's internal site right now?
- I told you, I was working.
- Yeah, how'd you get access?
It doesn't matter, all right.
(STAMMERING) It doesn't...
- Who cares?
- Right.
Okay, look.
Captain Suicide.
- Benjamin DeLarge?
- Yes.
- What's Red Ridge View?
- I don't know.
It's some shitty housing
development thing, but look.
He's on the articles of incorporation,
and he's the CFO.
- So?
- So, he sucks on a bullet, right?
Then that business transfers.
He signed it over from the grave?
Yeah, that or Grupo Clio
doesn't want anyone
looking into this place after DeLarge died.
Are you gonna tell me
what we're doing here?
(EXHALES)
I've been looking at my brother's drawings.
When I cleaned out his cell,
there were boxes of them.
I just kept looking at 'em,
hoping they were drawings,
random drawings, but they weren't.
And then I
saw this in your apartment.
- (SIGHS)
- You took it?
I borrowed it
and then I started looking.
He said this...
This place was important to him, that...
This was a special place.
(JACK EXHALES)
He took you here?
Yes.
Jim, he told me about this girl.
Bridget Rowland.
She went missing.
It was all over the news.
When? When was this?
Six months before he killed
your sister.
Lisa wasn't his first.
Sonya...
(INDISTINCT POLICE CHATTER)
- (WOMAN TALKING ON POLICE RADIO)
- (CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING)
TIM: Hey. Here you go.
Her name's Bridget Rowland.
Last seen after her shift
at the mall snack bar.
PD said she was a runaway.
Her folks said otherwise.
Jack said his brother knew this girl?
SONYA: Yeah.
We'll have to notify the family.
Copy that.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
Hey.
SONYA: Hank. No.
TIM: Hey, hey, hey.
SONYA: Hank, stop it!
Both of you, stop it! Stop it!
- TIM: Hank!
- (YELLING)
POLICE OFFICER: Pull him off. Pull him off.
Hey!
You pig!
(SPITS)
He knew, Sonya.
All those years and that poor girl's family
was wondering where she was.
- And you knew!
- I had to be sure.
Bullshit!
You knew.
You knew and you did nothing?
And your piece-of-shit brother
grabbed her sister and murdered her!
Her sister would be alive today.
That's on you, Jack.
I was just a kid.
I don't give a shit.
Why don't you tell her what
you did to my brother?
Ask him.
What's he talking about, Hank?
My brother didn't have a gun.
He didn't draw on you in that motel.
He was unarmed, and you shot him.
That's on you.
That's on you!
Hank?
He's a liar.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Sonya.
(GUN COCKING)
- Obregon?
- MAN: Sí.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(OBREGON SPEAKING SPANISH)
(CLICKING)
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(CLICKING)
(RADIO STATIC)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(CLICKING)
(SIGHS)
(SCOFFS)
(CHUCKLES)
(SIGHS)
Marco.
(DOOR CLOSES)
DANIEL: One hundred fifty houses.
Community pool, views,
financing's available.
Have you talked to Cuevas yet?
Never gonna write that garbage again.
Yeah, he gave me some bullshit story
on the water conservation
program the city just voted in.
Yeah? You should go freelance.
Write whatever you want, no editors.
What...
What is this shitty little room?
- Nobody's actually publishing you either.
- Ah.
A minor detail at this point.
He would fire me if he found out
I was working with you.
All the more reason to be here.
- Cuevas can suck it.
- (VEHICLE APPROACHING)
Who's this jackass?
Hey, there.
- Hi.
- Help you?
Yeah. We're, uh,
looking for this guy, Chip.
He was gonna show us a house.
Yeah, well, you might as
well stay in the shade.
Chip likes to operate on Mexican
time, if you know what I mean.
No.
I don't know what you mean.
(CHUCKLES) Oh. Oops.
Lo siento.
Yeah.
What's your name, pal?
Ray Burton, manager.
Pretty much.
Also a co-owner.
If you want to take the tour, I can take you.
All right, you got the living room in here,
you got the master suite upstairs.
You just saw the kitchen.
Skimped on the trim, if you ask me,
but you got marble floors,
sweet landscaping front and back.
You have many buyers lined up?
It's not on the market yet,
but it's gonna go quick.
You know, there's nothing like it out here.
Yeah.
Grass in the desert.
It's a real Shangri-La.
You two planning on popping out any kids?
- Something like that.
- No.
We're writing a story.
El Paso Times.
We've linked this development
to a money laundering operation
on both sides of the border.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Stop your clock, sister.
You said you were the co-owner, right?
No. Actually, I just work here, an employee.
DANIEL: Ray Burton?
Hmm?
What's your partner's name?
I don't have a partner.
DANIEL: Oh.
What did you say this story was, again?
I don't know.
I was thinking something like...
"'Cartel Moves Money Through
Desert Subdivision."'
What do you think? Want to comment?
I think
you two should find your own way out.
You know when the dude with
the puka shells runs away from you,
you are on to something.
- Ooh-whee.
- (PEN CLICKS)
Ms. Eleanor.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
What are you reading?
It's nothing.
Can I see it, please?
It's about vampires.
Erotic vampires.
Well, yes.
This is of interest to you?
I get swept up in the story.
(SNIFFLES)
There's no shame in that.
Tell me about the cops.
Well, they, uh...
They looked around the building.
They didn't find anything.
Names?
Hank Wade and Sonya Cross.
(PEN CLICKS)
Thank you, Cesar.
You've been very helpful.
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
You got a minute?
I want to apologize. I was out of line.
Did you shoot him like Jack said?
Yes, I did.
I did it to protect you.
(SCOFFS)
The report said he had a gun.
No gun.
(EXHALES)
What happened?
I tracked Dobbs down to
that motel and there he was,
just laying there watching TV
like he didn't have a care in the world.
I had every intention of arresting him.
I truly did. But...
I remembered the look on your face
when I took you in to ID your sister.
You were holding my hand.
Knowing what that son of
a bitch did to Lisa...
Did to you.
There he was,
watching Wheel of Fortune,
eating a bag of potato chips.
I knew what I had to do.
I played it out in my mind, and every
time I did, it felt good. It felt right.
So I broke down the door.
He came at me, and I shot him in the head.
Only it didn't kill him.
I've spent half of my life
searching for answers
why he picked my sister.
You watched me, Hank.
It wasn't your choice to make.
Yes, it was.
I became a cop because of you.
Because of that day, I looked up to you.
I've called the DA,
and I'm gonna make a full statement.
Sonya, I'm sorry, I could have done
things different, I know, but...
Can you forgive me?
(DOOR CLOSES)
(CLATTERING)
(DOOR OPENS)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
MONTE: Eleanor...
Charlotte Millwright, Ray Burton.
RAY: (CLICKS TONGUE) Okay.
I wish to speak to Charlotte alone.
(GROANS)
Sorry, hon,
but seeing it's my ass
on the line here for your
little boondoggle that you, Tex
and our Mexican friend got going on,
I'm just gonna cut right to it.
What's in it for us?
You get to live.
I believe Monte made that clear.
Abundantly.
What happens when
this thing goes tits up?
I don't understand.
Some reporters came to the house.
Maybe next time, I go all Deep Throat
and I tell 'em what you
got going on out here.
You do know who you're
working for, don't you?
Yeah.
So?
Once, there was a village in the desert.
In the village lived a man.
He had a child, a girl.
One day, he took her to the barn.
The man lay on top of her.
His weight crushed her.
Well, what's this have to
do with us getting paid?
This went on for many years.
Later, when this was discovered,
the girl was cast out.
She lost everything.
Darkness was tempting her.
She met her demons,
they took her grace
and drank it.
Okay.
When Mr. Galvan found her,
he asked her what she
wanted most in the world.
She asked for vengeance.
So he went back to her village.
He shot the man's wife.
She had turned a blind eye
to the plight of the child.
He took the man back to the city.
He brought him to a basement
where a starved dog was locked in a cage.
He took the dog out,
put the man in,
castrated the man and fed the dog.
He taught the man to be a pet.
He's still a pet.
What, is this some kind of
parable?
I want you to understand
the kind of men we work for.
And?
Do you want to be a pet?
That
is not on the to-do list.
What happened to the girl?
She survived.
Do you understand your role?
Yep.
Good.
I will take care of the reporters.
Thank you for bringing it to my attention.
(SLOW JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(CHUCKLES)
(SNIFFLES)
(SCOFFS)
WOMAN: Mmm.
(MOANING)
(KISSING)
(PANTING)
(SIGHS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GRUNTING)
- (GASPING)
- (GRUNTING)
(GASPING)
(CLATTERING)
Adriana?
Adriana.
You home?
(SCREAMING)
(GASPS AND SCREAMS)
(GROANS)
- (GRUNTS)
- (SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING)
(GROANING)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(SIGHS)
I don't want to see you.
Just give me two minutes.
Please.
How long have you known,
exactly?
Not until I saw the drawing on your fridge.
What made you think he killed Bridget?
The night she went missing,
my brother told my parents
he was at the movies,
but he wasn't.
He snuck back into the house late,
and I remember seeing dirt on his clothes.
Why didn't you say anything?
I don't know.
I was 13.
I mean, he was my big brother.
It would have made a difference, Jack.
Lisa could still be alive.
(SIGHS) Okay, look...
I want you to understand, please,
- I didn't come looking for this.
- Bullshit.
You knew exactly what you were doing.
So did you.
You bring me here,
show me pictures of my brother,
- screw me for answers...
- (SCOFFS)
Hey.
I don't have room in my life for liars.
(KEYS JANGLING)
You're right. Here.
I'll see you.
Hey, Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy!
Lucy! Hey, hey. Lucy!
- Stay with me, okay? Stay with me.
- (CELL PHONE BEEPING)
Help! Somebody help me!
(CRYING) Oh, my God. Lucy.
Lucy, stay awake.
Come here. Hey. Hey.
You hear my voice?
I need an ambulance!
I need an ambulance now!
Please, it's my girlfriend.
I need an ambulance. Stay awake.
Hey, Lucy, stay with me. Stay.
McKENZIE: I hear it's been a hard winter,
Ms. Millwright.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(CHUCKLES) Oh. I think you do.
(RECORDER BEEPS)
This is Charlotte Millwright.
Hard winter.
- I need help.
- (BEEPS)
What did you need help with,
Ms. Millwright?
Really, it's nothing. I'm fine now.
It didn't sound like nothing.
I don't need any help.
Ms. Millwright, we know that
you're working for Fausto Galvan.
It was in Agent Froome's file.
Where is Froome?
Reassigned, to Latvia.
Now, why the distress call?
I want to make a deal.
Let me tell you how this
is gonna work, Charlotte.
You're gonna tell me exactly
what I want to know,
when I want to know it,
or you're gonna do time
in a federal prison on drug charges.
You are gonna help me
take down Fausto Galvan.
That's the deal.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(CHILDREN SPEAKING SPANISH)
Buenos días.
(ALARM BUZZING)
(GATE CLOSES)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Um...
What is this?
What are you doing? (GRUNTS)
Hey, what are you doing?
What are you...
(MUFFLED) What are you doing?
You're gonna have to hold still.
(BOY SPEAKING SPANISH)
No.
(MUFFLED GRUNTS)
(MUFFLED SPEECH)
(GRUNTS)
All done now.
(CHOKING)
Can I help you?
I have some news for you.
Ripped By mstoll
Happy New Year 2015 - New Year, New Color ;-)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org